# Excel Projects
A): - In this project, I generate the MIS (Management Information System) and Finance reports (Profit & Loss Statement reports). P&L statement provides me a overview of the Profitability of the company on the bases of market, products, Monthly and Quarterly revenue and Net sales of the company and also identify the area of improvement.

B): - This is a Scenario Planning tool which is help to choose the best case for the Business. For example: - A customer buy a products and he negotiate for the discount on the products. So the sales manager can easily find the best case which would be more appropriate for the business.

C): - This is Retail Stores data set. In this project, This data set have the all information of Retail Business. Through this data set, I've made fully automatic dashboard using Macro, DAX, Conditional Formatting, Power Pivot and etc. functions. Useful Insights tells me: -            1. Yearly performance of the stores at different location.                                                                                   2. Yearly Product Performance  in different regions.                                                                                         3. Seasonal Performance of Stores. How does Parking and Non-Parking stores affect the sales?                                                 4. How does Customers Demography affect the sales of the stores?                                                                             5. Trends of the Sales, Quantity, Orders and Customers visits at the stores.                                                                 We get all these insights from the dashboard.
